# Materials & Methods
GoPro Hero 6 cameras were modified to detect infrared light to film the ants during the dark phase. The lens was replaced by one without an infrared filter, either a GoPro Lens without infrared filter from an unknown company later referred to as low view GoPro or a GoPro Hero 7 DIY Full-Spectrum Conversion Lens available from https://Kolarivision.com later referred to as high view GoPro. The box used for the set-up is 10L 15cmx32.5cmx26.5cm from Araven (available from https://www.makro.nl/marketplace/product/d647a773-c7fc-4144-bd8c-63ca70879da8?mfeed_oid=2f0b9088-aa00-4891-a1e4-1f92d8e6aa14&mfeed_bm=1&utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=nl_mm_ag_pmax_all_dynamic_all_b2c_feed_low&gad_source=1&gclid=Cj0KCQiA6Ou5BhCrARIsAPoTxrAcVcLwS7MtLeJDwj0bKCbDfylk79pxsYUytf5q21WvwWKLhJZ5SGUaAjlqEALw_wcB&itm_pm=cookie_consent_accept_button). The mount used to secure the GoPro at an appropriate height above the box comprises two components; Plexiglass and 3D printed clamps. Plexiglass was laser cut from an DXF file and subsequently bended at two places using 2 heated wires at 80˚C. Clamps were 3D printed on a 3D printer with PETG filaments. They can be tightened to the box with flat knurled head thumb screws of stainless steel M3x10mm and M3 nuts. Next, a ring light was produced using the same 3D-printing technique as described above, to which an infrared LED strip, cut in 4 pieces, was glued with cyanoacrylate. The infrared LED strip contains 60 LEDs per meter, has a wattage of 14.4W per meter and a voltage of 12V (available from https://ledlightsworld.com/products/dc12v-smd5050-300-ir-infrared-850nm-940nm-tri-chip-flexible-led-strips-60leds-14-4w-per-meter?variant=17838007943258). The pieces of the LED strip were soldered together with 24AWG wires to a DC connector and hot glue was added to make it humidity proof. The clamps and the infrared ring light are designed to slide into one another. Lastly, the ant house and the feeding station were printed on a 3D printer with ABS filaments, except for the inside of the ant house which was printed on a 3D printer with ASA filaments. These filaments were chosen because they can withstand water, soap and odors well. Both the ant house as the feeding station were designed in such a way that when placing them in the box before pouring plaster, the bottoms of the designs are fixed but the top of designs can still be removed for easy inspection during the experiment. 
